Reorder and improve Tensorboard tips. (#65)
jean-zay-users/jean-zay-doc: docs/tips-and-tricks.md

modification ou suppression de machines".

### Tensorboard

Tensorboard is a nice tool to monitor the progress of your trainings.
Currently there are 3 (known) ways to use it in Jean Zay:

#### Run sshfs + Tensorboard locally

The idea is to:

- use your local machine (i.e. the machine you are typing on) which is outside
  of Jean-Zay
- use `sshfs` so that your Tensorboard logs (that are on Jean-Zay) are visible
  on your local machine
- run Tensorboard locally on your logs mounted with `sshfs`

> For example if your Tensorboard logs are in `$SCRATH/tb_logs/`

Reviewer: Change this also: 

```suggestion
For example if your Tensorboard logs are in `/your/jean-zay/tensorboard/log/folder/`
```

modification ou suppression de machines".

### Tensorboard

Tensorboard is a nice tool to monitor the progress of your trainings.
Currently there are 3 (known) ways to use it in Jean Zay:

#### Run sshfs + Tensorboard locally

The idea is to:

- use your local machine (i.e. the machine you are typing on) which is outside
  of Jean-Zay
- use `sshfs` so that your Tensorboard logs (that are on Jean-Zay) are visible
  on your local machine
- run Tensorboard locally on your logs mounted with `sshfs`

For example if your Tensorboard logs are in `/your/jean-zay/tensorboard/log/folder/`

1. Mount the folder locally:
```
sshfs \
  -o reconnect,ServerAliveInterval=15,ServerAliveCountMax=3,follow_symlinks \
  jean-zay:/your/jean-zay/tensorboard/log/folder \
  /your/local/tensorboard/log/folder
```

2. Install Tensorboard on your local machine for example with pip:
```
pip install tensorboard
```

3. Launch Tensorboard on your local machine
```

> tensorboard --logdir=$HOME/jeanzay/logs

Reviewer 2: `/your/local/tensorboard/log/folder` instead of `$HOME/jeanzay/logs`

Author: right I'll fix that (after my next meeting)! Feel free to do it in the meantime 😉

Author: Done
